c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\ship.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\_2DshooterTutorial.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\_2DshooterTutorial.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\obj\x86\Debug\_2DshooterTutorial.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\obj\x86\Debug\_2DshooterTutorial.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\obj\x86\Debug\_2DshooterTutorial.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\space.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\asteroid.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\playerbullet.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\healthbar.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\enemyship.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\EnemyBullet.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\georgia.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\explosion3.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\1000points.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\2000points.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\5000points.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\500points.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bgMusicCC.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\theme.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\epic1.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\explode.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\playershoot.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bgMusicCC.wma
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\theme.wma
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\menuimage.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\gameover.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\ship.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\space.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\asteroid.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\playerbullet.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\healthbar.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\enemyship.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\EnemyBullet.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\explosion3.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\1000points.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\2000points.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\5000points.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\500points.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\menuimage.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\gameover.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\georgia.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bgMusicCC.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\theme.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\epic1.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\explode.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\playershoot.xnb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bgMusicCC.wma
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Content\theme.wma
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\_2DshooterTutorial.exe
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\_2DshooterTutorial.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\obj\x86\Debug\_2DshooterTutorial.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\obj\x86\Debug\_2DshooterTutorial.exe
C:\Users\Admin\Desktop\for_github\Part2_C#\2DshooterTutorial\2DshooterTutorial\_2DshooterTutorial\obj\x86\Debug\_2DshooterTutorial.pdb
